fix: kid in WIA (#297)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-attestation.rst

      - A digital signature algorithm identifier such as per IANA "JSON Web Signature and Encryption Algorithms" registry. It MUST be one of the supported algorithms listed in the Section `Cryptographic Algorithms <algorithms.html>`_ and MUST NOT be set to ``none`` or any symmetric algorithm (MAC) identifier.
      - :rfc:`7516#section-4.1.1`.
    * - **kid**

>       -  Unique identifier of the ``jwk`` used by the Wallet Provider to sign the Wallet Attestation and required to match the Wallet Provider cryptographic public key.

Author: ```suggestion
      -  Unique identifier of the ``jwk`` used by the Wallet Provider to sign the Wallet Attestation, essential for matching the Wallet Provider's cryptographic public key needed for signature verification..
```

>       -  Unique identifier of the ``jwk`` used by the Wallet Provider to sign the Wallet Attestation, essential for matching the Wallet Provider's cryptographic public key needed for signature verification..

Author: ```suggestion
      -  Unique identifier of the ``jwk`` used by the Wallet Provider to sign the Wallet Attestation, essential for matching the Wallet Provider's cryptographic public key needed for signature verification.
```
